All right welcome back my sister and so we got the day for working here.
Now let's see to see.
Let's find out first if this is actually sending data as if they are sending the post values re the
poor super global values so let's go to our store method.
This is actually going to post to our admin users controller App Store met and as you can see right
here and it's going to take in the title.
All right we don't want that title I actually want to change this for name but that's ok.
I mean we're going to change this later.
But this is a name it should be right here and they should be of value.
OK.
So it's more if there's a little Let's go to our controller and you can do this if you're using a Mac
I think Windows is the same thing.
If you press shift twice you can look for that controller.
All right.
Well let's actually look at this the old fashioned way.
I ME users guys and what we have this this work in this form.
Let's actually do a comment if you want.
If you want to go ahead and do a commit now and see if what you have you can write.
I actually do comments when I really have some working OK.
All right.
So this is this tormented here.
I just want to return all the data from the requests just to make sure that we receiving stuff.
We're saving all that.
So if we refresh here and we just type in whatever you can see out there whatever they just typed then
gets returned.
So it is working.
All right.
So let's go back and work on that form right here.
Let's move down here and let's go and make another Tatz feel that I believe that's why we named it before
to get a shortcut.
All right Anderson Live Templi guys arrive feeling watch I'll let you go watch it just a little review
.
All right live templates.
And when we type in tetch field we get all of that.
All right.
OK.
All right so we got the name of the user that we want to update what else we want to update from the
user.
We want to update the e-mail
.
And what else let's go back and check it out.
All right.
We got the e-mail the role and the status and that's what we got to actually change here.
Make it so he says Status Status.
All right.
Let's go back to that.
I mean the users in that and let's just change this to status.
All right.
So role and status.
Ok cool.
It's field
.
It is
all
right and wrong.
He's going to copy paste real quick
move that I just select that I am press tab OK.
This is wrong here as a matter of we need to name this Real ID by the way is
remember that the names here are the names of the columns.
All right all ID right here.
OK.
Now this is going to be a type of email field.
All right.
And this is going to be a select.
We're going to work on down the next lecture.
OK.
Going to be a little longer.
So
create going to have.
There we go.
So he's taking form which he was getting there but we need to make this a select.
And here we also as a matter of fact every use of that we create should be by default.
It should be not active but if we want to create a user right away make him active.
It would be nice to have the chance to.
So we've got to leave this like this so let's make this a select so that we can choose from active and
active.
And here we can also make this a select.
OK.
All right so we're going to continue with this form on the next lecture.
Thank you so much for watching.
Buh-Bye